.TH repro 8 "February 2006"
.\" ====================================================================
.\" The Vovida Software License, Version 1.0 
.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 2000 Vovida Networks, Inc.  All rights reserved.
.\" 
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
.\"    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
.\"    distribution.
.\" 
.\" 3. The names "VOCAL", "Vovida Open Communication Application Library",
.\"    and "Vovida Open Communication Application Library (VOCAL)" must
.\"    not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
.\"    software without prior written permission. For written
.\"    permission, please contact vocal@vovida.org.
.\"
.\" 4. Products derived from this software may not be called "VOCAL", nor
.\"    may "VOCAL" appear in their name, without prior written
.\"    permission of Vovida Networks, Inc.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
.\" WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
.\" OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND
.\" NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL VOVIDA
.\" NETWORKS, INC. OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES
.\" IN EXCESS OF $1,000, NOR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
.\" EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
.\" PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
.\" PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY
.\" OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE
.\" USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
.\" DAMAGE.
.\" 
.\" ====================================================================
.\" 
.\" This software consists of voluntary contributions made by Vovida
.\" Networks, Inc. and many individuals on behalf of Vovida Networks,
.\" Inc.  For more information on Vovida Networks, Inc., please see
.\" <http://www.vovida.org/>.
.\"
.\"
.SH NAME
repro \- repro SIP proxy server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B
repro [OPTIONS...]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B repro
is an open-source, free SIP server. SIP is changing the way people communicate
using the Internet. It is not only about making phone calls over the Net. The
SIP protocol and its extensions defines the way of establishing, modifying and
ending interactive sessions, no matter if they are voice, video, IM or a
combination of them. At the heart of SIP architecture, there are certain
services which needs to be provided at some place of the network.
.B repro
provides SIP proxy, registrar, redirect, and identity services. These services
are the foundation needed to run a SIP service.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\-type\fR=\fBsyslog\fR|\fBcerr\fR|\fBcout\fR
where to send logging messages (default: \fBcout\fR)
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-log\-level\fR=\fBSTACK\fR|\fBDEBUG\fR|\fBINFO\fR|\fBWARNING\fR|\fBALERT\fR
specify the default log level (default: \fBINFO\fR)
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-record\-route\fR=\fIsip:example.com\fR
specify uri to use as Record-Route
.TP
\fB\-\-udp\fR=\fI5060\fR
add UDP transport on specified port (default: 5060)
.TP
\fB\-\-tcp\fR=\fI5060\fR
add TCP transport on specified port (default: 5060)
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-tls\-domain\fR=\fIexample.com\fR
act as a TLS server for specified domain
.TP
\fB\-\-tls\fR=\fI5061\fR
add TLS transport on specified port (default: 5061)
.TP
\fB\-\-dtls\fR=\fI0\fR
add DTLS transport on specified port (default: 0)
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-cert\-server
run a cert server
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-cert\-path\fR=\fISTRING\fR
path for certificates (default: \fB~/.sipCerts\fR)
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-v6\fR
enable IPV6
.TP
\fB\-\-disable\-v4\fR
disable IPV4
.TP
\fB\-\-disable\-auth\fR
disable DIGEST challenges
.TP
\fB\-\-disable\-web\-auth\R
disable HTTP challenges
.TP
\fB\-\-disable\-reg\fR
disable registrar
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-interfaces\fR=\fIsip:10.1.1.1:5065;transport=tls\fR
specify interfaces to add transports to
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-domains\fR=\fIexample.com,foo.com\fR
specify domains that this proxy is authorative
.TP
\fB\-R\fR, \fB\-\-route\fR=\fIsip:p1.example.com,sip:p2.example.com\fR
specify where to route requests that are in this proxy's domain
.TP
\fB\-\-reqChainName\fR=\fISTRING\fR
name of request chain (default: default)
.TP
\fB\-\-http\fR=\fI5080\fR
run HTTP server on specified port (default: 5080)
.TP
\fB\-\-recursive\-redirect\fR
Handle 3xx responses in the proxy
.TP
\fB\-\-q\-value\fR
Enable sequential q-value processing
.TP
\fB\-e\fR, \fB\-\-enum\-suffix\fR=\fIe164.arpa\fR
specify enum suffix to search
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-allow\-bad\-reg\fR
allow To tag in registrations
.TP
\fB\-\-timer\-C\fR=\fI180\fR
specify length of timer C in sec (0 or negative will disable timer C)
.PP
Help options:
.TP
\fB\-?\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this help message
.TP
\fB\-\-usage
Display brief usage message

.SH SEE ALSO

.SH AUTHORS

.SH BUGS


